{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) Run .exe\
\
2) Initial prompt will ask whether \'91normal\'92 or \'91depth\'92 information will be provided. Select \'91normal\'92 if the input image will be a normal map, \'91depth\'92 if the input image will be a depth map. \
\
To see the shaded generated sphere, select \'91depth\'92 for this prompt (*). \
\
Hit return.\
\
3) Second prompt will ask whether a sphere will be generated or an input image will be provided. If an input image is being provided, type \'91image\'92 followed by a space, then the full file name for the map image (e.g. image normal map.png). \
\
The reference images for dark diffuse and light diffuse should have the same name as the map image followed by 1 or 2, respectively (e.g. normalmap1.png, normalmap2.png). All input images should be stored in the ./images folder. \
\
To see the shaded generated sphere, select \'91sphere\'92 for this prompt (*).\
\
Hit return.\
\
(*) if \'91normal\'92 + \'91sphere\'92 is selected, the output image will be the normal map for the generated sphere.\
\
4) The window will be refreshed and display the shaded image once calculations are complete. The shaded image will also be saved to the ./images folder as the map image name + \'93_shaded\'94 (e.g. normalmap_shaded.png).\
\
5) The background position can be updated by clicking around the screen. Glossiness can be set using the up & down arrow keys (*). Only the latest image will be saved.\
\
(*) the higher the glossiness, the longer the image will take to update.\
\
6) Right-click to return to the first prompt.\
\
\'97\'97\'97\
\
Included depth map:\
depthmap.png\
\
Included normal map:\
wiki.png}